- [Narrator] Clustering in Stand Alone mode
can at times present some challenges,
especially if you're attempting
to cluster on the same machine.
To demonstrate from the command line,
looking at our Stand Alone installation directory.
We're going to copy,
the WildFly instance,
and call it wildfly dash b.
Now, if we do an ls we can see both instances.
The issue with starting both of these instances
simultaneously is that port conflicts will occur.
So, JBoss has designed a way for us to handle
this by passing a property at the command line.
Or, we could edit the configuration standalone-ha xml,
or the standalone.xml, if you just wanted
to run two distinct JBoss instances.
"ha" by the way, stands for high availability.
So, let's focus on the first.
We're going to go into our WildFly instance.
Bin, standalone,
server-config
equals
standalone-ha xml,
and hit enter.
Open up a new tab.
Going to go into our second WildFly instance.
We'll type, let's clear this out so we can see more,
type bin, standalone,
server, config, equals,
standalone, ha.xml,
and then we're going to pass a,
property to allow us to start
this server with a port offset.
And, we're going to set the port offset here to 100.
We hit enter.
This'll take a moment to start.
And, there we go.
Our port offset is by 100 and you can see here
that the WildFly instance is started at 10,090.
The other server, had started,
in 9,990.
The other information I want you to capture here
is that it's recognizing that this is in a cluster.
The other thing that we could do
to change the port offset, is by actually going
into the wildfly final b,
and we'll edit inside the standalone configuration,
and we'll pull up the
standalone.ha.xml,
we'll do a search,
for port offset,
and here we can see that the port offset is set to 0.
Now, we could change this right now,
and change this to 100,
but because the JBoss WildFly instance is running,
it would get overridden.
So, we're going to exit out of this.
Let's deploy an application to the standalone cluster.
In our practice file 03_07_begin,
going to use vi, and open up the web.xml,
go to insert mode,
going to type in the tag, distributable,
make sure I spelled that correctly.
This will allow the application to work
in a cluster and share session information.
And, that's really all you have to do
for a web app, by the way.
You may remember using this tag
back when we worked with Tomcat.
Let's save this, and exit vi,
going to do a gradle clean build,
going to open up two Chrome tabs and I'm in incognito mode,
we'll type http 90 90,
and we're going to start a deployment,
and apparently we already have one.
Let's disable this.
Remove it, so we can start fresh.
Click upload, going to go to our zero three seven begin,
build, libs, click okay,
next, and finish.
Close, we'll enable the deployment.
Now, we're going to come over to the other window,
and remember this starts at 10,090,
so we're going to copy that, come over here,
10,090, hit enter, it's going to prompt us for our,
password, start,
we already have a deployment active,
and this is because it's actually
distributed the application.
So, we're going to go ahead and disable this one,
and remove it.
See, what's happening in the logs right now between the two.
You can see that the cluster
seems to be talking to each other.
The data that it's passing back and forth.
Let's come back into our instance, we'll refresh.
Go to the other one, refresh.
Going to deploy, upload,
choose the same .war, next, and finish,
close, we'll enable it.
Now, look over here in the logs,
and we can see that, says it's deployed the .war,
and there is communication that's occurring on this side.
This is clustering with standalone instances.